Hey Rein,
You have 24 hours to complete the assignment and to return the file. If you have any questions please let me know.

Please build a responsive mobile optimized 1 page landing page that is graphically attractive, original and engages the user. Make sure the important items are highlighted and really stand out.

You can use as many graphics and pictures as you would like.

The site should be less than 1 MB (as small as possible) in size and load in less than 1 second (fast as possible).

As it is mobile optimized it should look good on most mobile devices.


You are promoting a contest for a chance to win the Apple iPhone 6.

Here is the text and the site flow that you will use within on the lander.
The { } bracketed items you will pull dynamically.

Javascript pop up when user loads site. Text: "Congratulations! You qualify for a chance to win the iPhone 6."
Option to click OK

Lander:
{Full Date}  (can put this in the corner)
TEXT:
Congratulations {device name} user!

Every {day of the week} we give away (1) chance to win an iPhone 6. You have been selected for a chance at the new iPhone.

Please answer the following questions to put yourself in the running for the contest. You have {countdown time starting from 1 min 59 seconds} to complete the quiz or we will find the next qualified user.

(Instructions: please just show 1 question on the page at once, and use javascript to roll through to the next question once it has been answered.)

What country is Apple from?

a. USA
b. Canada
c. Germany

Who won the World Cup this summer?
a. USA
b. Canada
c. Germany

What country shares the largest border with the US?
a. Mexico
b. Canada
c. Germany

(Instructions: After answering the third question, show some type of 'thinking' icon with the text:
"We are evaluating your answers"
"You scored {provide score out of 3"
"Congratulations! You qualify for a chance at the iPhone 6"

(Instructions: Then redirect the user to www.google.com )